docs: CHARTS-8818 add rendering spec documentation (#86)
mongodb-js/charts-embed-sdk: docs/rendering-spec.md

| colorPalette.values             | Array with color values that will be used to customize the colors for single series charts or “channels” and “marks” of multi-series charts                                                                                                                             |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

### Color palette customizations

> For chart with continuous colors:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For charts with continuous colors:
```

Author: Thanks Lily, I have fixed these here: https://github.com/mongodb-js/charts-embed-sdk/pull/86/commits

```javascript
await chart.setRenderingSpecOverride({
  version: 1,
  options: {
    colorPalette: {
      type: "continuous",
      color: "rainbow",
      reverseColor: true,
    },
  },
});
```

> For chart with single series:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For charts with single series:
```

```javascript
await chart.setRenderingSpecOverride({
  version: 1,
  options: {
    colorPalette: {
      type: "discrete",
      value: ["yellow"],
    },
  },
});
```

For charts with multi-series in the series channel:

```javascript
await chart.setRenderingSpecOverride({
  version: 1,
  options: {
    colorPalette: {
      type: "discrete",
      marks: ["wifi", "tv", "aircon", "hot tub"],
      value: ["blue", "rgb(49, 74, 63)", "#222111", "pink"],
    },
  },
});
```

For charts with multi-series with multiple fields in the same channel:

```javascript
await chart.setRenderingSpecOverride({
  version: 1,
  options: {
    colorPalette: {
      type: "discrete",
      channels: ["x", "x_series_0", "x_series_1"],
      value: ["aqua", "rgb(49, 74, 63)", "olive"],
    },
  },
});
```

> For Candlestick chart:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Candlestick charts:
```

### As an embedding option

```javascript
const chart = new ChartsEmbedSDK({}).createChart({
 baseUrl: 'https://charts.mongodb.com/charts-rendering-spec-project-aygif',
 chartId: '38de4b38-42ea-422a-b702-a0220c8885e8',
 renderingSpec: {
   version: 1,
   title: 'Customized chart title',
   description: 'Customized chart description',
   axes: {
     y: {
       logScale: true
     },
   },
   channels: {
     x: {
       labelOverride: "New field label"
     },
     y: {
       numberSuffix: "%"
     }
   },
   options: {
     labelSize: 150,
    lineSmoothing: 'monotone'
   }
});
await chart.render(embedContainer);
```

### Via the setter method

```javascript
await chart.setRenderingSpecOverride({
  version: 1,
  channels: {
    x: {
      numberThousandsSeparators: false,
      numberPrefix: "$",
    },
    y: {
      numberSuffix: "%",
    },
    color: {
      numberDecimals: 2,
      numberMultiplier: 2,
    },
  },
});
```

### Other methods usage

You can get the rendering spec customizations that you have set through the SDK by calling the getter method:

```javascript
const customizations = chart.getRenderingSpecOverride();
```

> If you are wondering what channels or axes does you embedding chart have, you can call the following methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are wondering what channels or axes your embedded chart has, you can call the following methods:
```

| Geo Scatter         | **Channels**: <br/>- geopoint, size, color, detail<br/><br/>**Axes**:<br/>N/A                  | **Channel customizations**:<br/>- labelOverride, numberMultiplier, numberDecimals, numberSuffix, numberThousandsSeparators, numberPrefix<br/><br/>**Option customizations**:<br/>- labelSize, legendPosition, colorPalette                                                                                                                                                           |
| Table               | **Channels**: <br/>- group, value, dynamicColumns<br/><br/>**Axes**:<br/>N/A                   | **Channel customizations**:<br/>- labelOverride, numberMultiplier, numberDecimals, numberSuffix, numberThousandsSeparators, numberPrefix, wrapText<br/><br/>**Option customizations**:<br/>- textSize, totalsColumn, totalsRow<br/><br/>**ConditionalFormatting**                                                                                                                    |

> Note that the channels for multi-series with multiple fields in the same channel are dynamic and will look like the following: x_series_0, x_series_1, x_series_2, etc. The following channels can have mutliseries: “x”, “y”, “y_lines”, “group”, “value”.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the channels for multi-series with multiple fields in the same channel are dynamic and will look like the following: x_series_0, x_series_1, x_series_2, etc. The following channels can have multi-series: “x”, “y”, “y_lines”, “group”, “value”.
```

## Limitations

When changing the channel labels of a multi-series with multiple fields in the same channel, you would need to provide at least one channel that is a series channel. For example:

```javascript
await chart.setRenderingSpecOverride({
  version: 1,
  channels: {
    x: {
      labelOverride: "new label",
    },
    x_series_0: {
      labelOverride: "new series label",
    },
  },
});
```

> If you have applied a customization but do not see the result applied in the embedded chart, nor there is any error in the browser console - this means that the rendering spec has been parsed successfully but is incorrect. In such cases, we recommend that you check all single keys you are setting in the docs one by one and also check their applicability per the chart type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have applied a customization but do not see the result applied in the embedded chart, nor is there any error in the browser console, this means that the rendering spec has been parsed successfully but is incorrect. In such cases, we recommend that you check all single keys you are setting in the docs one by one and also check their applicability per the chart type.
```

| ------------- | --------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| labelOverride | string                                  | Overriding the label of the axis.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

> | labelAngle    | 'vertial' \| 'horizontal' \| 'diagonal' | Applicable for the following chart types only: All Column charts, 100% Stacked Area, Discrete Area, Discrete Line, Grouped Combo, Stacked Combo, Heatmap.                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| labelAngle    | 'vertical' \| 'horizontal' \| 'diagonal' | Applicable for the following chart types only: All Column charts, 100% Stacked Area, Discrete Area, Discrete Line, Grouped Combo, Stacked Combo, Heatmap.                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
```

Author: fixed all the typos and format issues here: https://github.com/mongodb-js/charts-embed-sdk/pull/86/commits/731549b69f634969e5f2a52feb0e501cc8ba132a

| labelSize                       | number \| false                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Applicable to all chart types except for Number, Gauge, Word Cloud and Table. The number range should be between 50 and 200. Use `false` to unset the custom labelSize that was set from the chartBuilder (if any) - this is equivalent to setting the `labelSize` to 100.                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

> | legendPosition                  | 'right' \| 'bottom' \| "top"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | Applicable to all chart types that support a legend.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| legendPosition                  | 'right' \| 'bottom' \| 'top'                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | Applicable to all chart types that support a legend.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
```

| totalsRow                       | boolean                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | Applicable for Table charts only                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

> | colorPalette                    | object \| false                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Applicable for most chart types depending on the color palette type - discrete or continuous. Use `false` to unset the custom colorPalette that was set from the chartBuilder (if any).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| colorPalette                    | object \| false                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Applicable for most chart types depending on the color palette type - discrete or continuous. Use `false` to unset the custom colorPalette that was set from the chart builder (if any).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
```

| colorPalette.reverseColor       | boolean                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | Applicable for continuous color chart types only                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

> | colorPalette.channels           | Array of Charts channel names that will receive a custom color                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Applicable for all chart types that can have multi-series with multiple fields in the same channel:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| colorPalette.channels           | Array of Charts channel names that will receive a custom color                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Applicable for all chart types that can have multi-series with multiple fields in the same channel.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
```

| conditions.targetChannel | string                                                                                                              | The condition object can only have ‘targetChannel‘ specifying which table column will get the continuous color.                                             |

**Example**

```javascript
conditionalFormatting: [
  {
    type: "continuous",
    backgroundColor: "redyellowgreen",
    reverseColor: true,
    conditions: [{ targetChannel: "value_series_0" }],
  },
];
```

### Discrete rules

Applicable for Table and Number charts
|Customization|Type|Description|
|-|-|-|
|type|'discrete'||
|backgroundColor|string (rgb colors, hex colors, word colors) 'transparent' (this means that the color will be taken from a previous rule, if any)|Examples:<br/> 'rgb(240, 209, 117)' , 'limegreen', '#04910e'|
|textColor|string (rgb colors, hex colors, word colors)

> 'auto' (no color)||

Reviewer 2: This has an extra cell

| DateOperator          | 'DATE_AFTER' \| 'DATE_BEFORE' \| 'DATE_EXACTLY' \| 'DATE_ON_OR_AFTER' \| 'DATE_ON_OR_BEFORE'                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Object with the following keys<br/>date: string <br/>time: string                                                                                                 |
| DateBinnedOperator    | 'BINNED_DATE_AFTER' \| 'BINNED_DATE_AFTER_OR_INCLUDES' \| 'BINNED_DATE_BEFORE' \| 'BINNED_DATE_BEFORE_OR_INCLUDES' \| 'BINNED_DATE_INCLUDES'                                                                                                                                                   | Object with the following keys<br/>date: string<br/>time: string                                                                                                  |

#### Example for conditions using a different type of operator

NumericOperator for Table charts (similar for NumericBinnedOperator):

```javascript
{
operator: 'NUMBER_GREATER_THAN',
targetType: 'CHANNEL',
targetChannel: 'value_series_0',

> value: 190,

Reviewer 2: Add spacing
